Email Integration workflow:
Whenever an expense request is raised by an employee, email sent to their email id with expense request ID and details such as: Travel Duration Dates, Category, Expense Amount, Description, Current Status, Link to open the expense request on web or app. Mention “Expected date of reimbursement of expenses” = 5 days (give calculated date and time from the date of last action done on the expense request)
At the same time, email is sent to the corresponding HoD to their email ID with the details: Employee ID, Travel Duration Dates, Category, Expense Amount, Description, Deadline to Action = 2 days (give calculated date and time from the date of last action done on the expense request), Link to open the expense request on web or app so that the HoD can take action on the request, along with putting their remarks. 
If an expense request is lying with the HoD without any action or at Status “On Hold”, a Reminder Email should be triggered every day to the HoD until action is taken on that expense request. Give details in the email as mentioned in point # 2.
Whenever any action is taken by the HoD for an expense request, email will be sent to the employee about the status and remarks put by HoD. Give details as mentioned in point # 1, added with HoD Remarks.
If the HoD has approved an expense, email reminder sent to the Finance Head. Follow the same rule as point # 2 along with HoD remarks.
If an expense request is lying with the Finance Head without any action or at Status “On Hold”, a Reminder Email should be triggered every day to the Finance Head until action is taken on that expense request. Give details in the email as mentioned in point # 5.
If the Finance Head sends back the request, email is trigger to the employee with the title mentioning the Sent Back Expense Request and details as mentioned in point # 1 and point # 4 and added with Finance Remarks.
If the Finance Head approves a request and puts the payment details to the expense request, email trigger to be sent to the employee along with the details mentioned in point # 1 along with latest Payment details and Finance Remarks as put by Finance Head. 